Add shortcuts to brush tools (#8519)
cvat-ai/cvat: changelog.d/20241009_101726_klakhov_brush_shortcuts.md

### Added

> - Keyboard shortcuts for brush tools in mask editing mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keyboard shortcuts for **brush**, **eraser**, **polygon** and **polygon remove** tools on masks drawing toolbox
```
